fix: redirect http to https but port not change (#7065)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/redirect.md

Only one of `http_to_https`, `uri` and `regex_uri` can be configured.

* When enabling `http_to_https`, the ports in the redirect URL will pick a value in the following order (in descending order of priority)

>   * Read `plugin_attr.redirect_https_port` from the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Read `plugin_attr.redirect_https_port` from the configuration file (`conf/config.yaml`).
```

>   * Read `plugin_attr.redirect_https_port` from the configuration file (`conf/config.yaml`).

Author: Done

>   * If `apisix.ssl` is enabling, read `apisix.ssl.listen_port` first, and if it does not exist, read `apisix.ssl.listen` and select a random port from it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * If `apisix.ssl` is enabled, read `apisix.ssl.listen_port` first, and if it does not exist, read `apisix.ssl.listen` and select a port randomly from it.
```
